Add clinical notes (#80)
nckhell/awell-developers: content/awell-orchestration/developer-tools/changelog/1_18_4.mdx

---
title: 1.18.4
description: Changelog for release v1.18.4
releaseDate: '2022-11-09'
---

## Added

### GetClinicalNote query

> GraphQL query to fetch clinical note for a given ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the introduction of Clinical Notes as a new activity type, we have added a GraphQL query to enable fetching of the narrative and context details for a single Clinical Note activity.
```
